# Dotfiles
> ***This README has been auto-generated by ChatGPT.*** 🤖

## TL;DR
```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrKoopaKiller/dotfiles/HEAD/install.sh)"
```
## Overview

This repository contains my personal dotfiles, which encompass various customizations for enhancing my development environment. It includes configurations for:
- Kitty terminal
- ZSH with auto-complete, auto-suggestions, and fzf integration
- TMUX with plugins like Resurrect and Continuum
- NeoVIM with tmux integration

## Installation

To install these dotfiles, simply run the following command:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrKoopaKiller/dotfiles/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

## Manual Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have Brew installed for MacOS/Linux. If not, install it from [Brew's official website](https://brew.sh/).

To streamline package management across both MacOS and Linux, most packages are managed using Brew. The `Brewfile` contains all necessary brew packages, including some optional ones to expedite setup. To install these packages, execute:

```bash
brew bundle install
```

For Linux systems, install the packages listed in `aptfile` using the following command:

```bash
xargs sudo apt-get install -y < ${DOTDIR}/aptfile
```

### Configuring Dotfiles

The dotfiles in this repository are organized to align with the directory structure in your `$HOME` user directory.

To manage these dotfiles, I use GNU Stow, which simplifies the process of symlinking configuration files. Stow is included in the `Brewfile`. 

To set up the dotfiles, navigate to the root directory of this repository and execute:

```bash
stow .
```

This command will create the necessary symbolic links in your home directory.

### Fonts

I use the `SauceCodeProNerd` font from [Nerdfonts](https://www.nerdfonts.com/) as the primary font in my setup.

For manual font installation on MacOS, copy the fonts from `.fonts` to `/Library/Fonts`. On Linux, `stow` handles the installation by creating a symbolic link to `$HOME/.fonts`.